Downloaded From AnimeArcadia.lk
[eerie, unsettling music playing]
[music trails off]
[somber music playing]
[muffled thud]
[uneasy undertones building]
[restrained sobbing]
["Ghost" by GUNSHIP & Power Glove playing]
[mysterious synthwave music playing]
[buzzer buzzing]
[foreboding chords swell]
♪ Molten bloody earth ♪
♪ A focused open wound ♪
♪ All highways lead right here ♪
♪ Ghost ♪
[no audible dialogue]
♪ Dancing around my head ♪
♪ Glowing stems of death ♪
♪ Time is time again ♪
♪ Ghost ♪
[music swells]
♪ Anodyne ♪
♪ You move like heaven ♪
[epic synthwave swells]
♪ Physical comfort, drift away ♪
♪ Anodyne distortion has
Brought us back together ♪
♪ Operation Overlife, guide us away ♪
[music trails off]
[distressing music building]
[echoing thud]
[agitated metal music playing]
[music trails off]
[gentle, enchanting music playing]
[hopeful synth music swells]
[tender, uplifting music playing]
[coughing silently]
[music trails off]
[coughing]
[tense, distressing music playing]
["Afterlife" by Alex Seaver
and Amy Lee playing]
[moody goth rock playing]
♪ Hide ♪
♪ Before the flood gates open ♪
♪ Can we just lie here
Till it's all over? ♪
♪ I hear the violence calling ♪
♪ Soon it flows inside ♪
♪ You build your walls again, again ♪
♪ The faith you hide ♪
♪ Down with you ♪
♪ In the afterlife ♪
♪ Save me from this fate
I feel I have inside ♪
♪ You wonder why
I'm all out of tears to cry ♪
♪ Today, I'm not afraid to die ♪
♪ You wonder why ♪
♪ I'm all out of tears to cry ♪
♪ Today, I'm not afraid to die ♪
[song trails off]
[somber, mournful music playing]
[measured, mournful music building]
[music trails off]
["Dark All Day" by GUNSHIP playing]
[steely, resolute
electronic music playing]
[portal warbling]
♪ As he takes from me my last breath ♪
♪ Inhale ♪
♪ I'm picking up the scent ♪
[baby coos]
[babbles sweetly]
♪ What a hell of a day ♪
♪ To embrace disorder ♪
♪ And there is something
In your eyes that burns ♪
♪ What a hell of a feeling ♪
♪ With such a brilliant mind ♪
♪Can you feel those chemicals
In the air tonight? ♪
[music trails off]
[ominous synthwave music playing]
[gun cocks]
[guns cocking]
[menacing rock music playing]
[music trails off]
[suspenseful music pulsing]
[energy crackling]
[suspenseful music intensifying]
Hold!
[music halts]
[refugees stammering]
You, why do you look human?
I am human.
Please, we mean no harm.
We're just trying to get to safety.
-There's a--
-Safety?
You're smuggling demons into our realm.
Our only safety
is their species' extinction.
You don't understand!
If you'll put the guns down,
I can explain.
[panicked clamoring]
[predator demon snarling]
[refugees screaming]
[bellows]
[epic music playing]
DARKCOM, evacuate!
[epic music ends]
[sobbing]
[delirious laughter]
[tense, uneasy music playing]
Now, we all
go down the rabbit hole together.
["Devils Never Cry" plays]
♪ Bless me ♪
♪ With the leaf off of the tree ♪
♪ On it, I see ♪
♪ The freedom reign ♪
♪ We are falling ♪
♪ The light is calling ♪
♪ Tears inside me ♪
♪ Calm me down ♪
♪ Midnight calling ♪
♪ Mist of resolving ♪
♪ Crown me ♪
♪ With the pure, green leaf ♪
♪ Praise to my father ♪
♪ Blessed by the water ♪
♪ Black light, dark sky ♪
IN MEMORY OF KEVIN CONROY
(1955-2022)
♪ The devil's cry ♪